README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Phil-Friderici/puppet-module-afs.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Phil-Friderici/puppet-module-afs)

# puppet-module-afs #
===

Puppet Module to manage OpenAFS

The module installs and configures OpenAFS.

# Compatability #

This module has been tested to work on the following systems.

 * RHEL 6
 * Suse 11

# Parameters #

afs_cell
--------
String with content of the file $afs_config_path/ThisCell.
This file will be ignored if the default value is not changed.

- *Default*: undef


afs_config_path
---------------
Path to the OpenAFS config directory.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


afs_suidcells
-------------
String with content of the file $afs_config_path/SuidCells.
This file will be ignored if the default value is not changed.

- *Default*: undef


cache_path
----------
Path to cache storage when using disk cache.
Recommended: use a dedicated partition as disk cache.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


cache_size
----------
Cache size in kb.
'1000000' = 1GB is a good value for single user systems
'4000000' = 4GB is a good value for terminal servers
ACHTUNG!: real occupied space can be 5% larger, due to metadata

- *Default*: '1000000'


config_cache_path
-----------------
Path to the cacheinfo configuration file.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


config_client_args
------------------
AFSD_ARGS / parameters to be passed to AFS daemon while starting.
Since 1.6.x the afs-client has integrated auto-tuning. So specifying more options for tuning should only be applied after monitoring the system.
candidates for tuning: -stat, -volumes

- *Default*: '-dynroot -afsdb -daemons 6 -volumes 1000'


config_client_path
------------------
Path to the openafs-client configuration file.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


create_symlinks
---------------
Create symlinks for convenient access to AFS structure. Path and target are taken from hash in $links.

- *Default*: false


init_script
-----------
Filename for the init script.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


init_template
-------------
Name of the template file to be used for $init_script.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


links
-----
Hash of path and target to create symlinks from if $create_links is true.

- *Default*: undef

Hiera example:
<pre>
afs::symlinks:
  'app':
    path:   '/app'
    target: '/afs/some/path/app'
  'env':
    path:   '/env'
    target: '/afs/some/path/env'
</pre>


packages
--------
Array of needed OpenAFS packages

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


update
------
Trigger for the selfupdating routine in the init script.
If set to true, the init skript checks for updated AFS packages in the available repositories and installs them.

- *Default*: false

Commit message:

updated: new openafs-client version with DKMS trigger supprt

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Phil-Friderici/puppet-module-afs.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Phil-Friderici/puppet-module-afs)

# puppet-module-afs #
===

Puppet Module to manage OpenAFS

The module installs and configures OpenAFS.

# Compatability #

This module has been tested to work on the following systems.

 * RHEL 6
 * Suse 11

# Parameters #

afs_cell
--------
String with content of the file $afs_config_path/ThisCell.
This file will be ignored if the default value is not changed.

- *Default*: undef


afs_config_path
---------------
Path to the OpenAFS config directory.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


afs_suidcells
-------------
String with content of the file $afs_config_path/SuidCells.
This file will be ignored if the default value is not changed.

- *Default*: undef


cache_path
----------
Path to cache storage when using disk cache.
Recommended: use a dedicated partition as disk cache.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


cache_size
----------
Cache size in kb.
'1000000' = 1GB is a good value for single user systems
'4000000' = 4GB is a good value for terminal servers
ACHTUNG!: real occupied space can be 5% larger, due to metadata

- *Default*: '1000000'


config_cache_path
-----------------
Path to the cacheinfo configuration file.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


config_client_args
------------------
AFSD_ARGS / parameters to be passed to AFS daemon while starting.
Since 1.6.x the afs-client has integrated auto-tuning. So specifying more options for tuning should only be applied after monitoring the system.
candidates for tuning: -stat, -volumes

- *Default*: '-dynroot -afsdb -daemons 6 -volumes 1000'


config_client_dkms
------------------
Boolean to control the AFS kernel module handling via DKMS or the openafs start-script.
At the moment only available on RHEL platform. It will be ignored on other platforms.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


config_client_path
------------------
Path to the openafs-client configuration file.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


config_client_update
--------------------
Boolean trigger for the selfupdating routine in the init script.
If set to true, the init skript checks for updated AFS packages in the available repositories and installs them.

- *Default*: false


create_symlinks
---------------
Create symlinks for convenient access to AFS structure. Path and target are taken from hash in $links.

- *Default*: false


init_script
-----------
Filename for the init script.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


init_template
-------------
Name of the template file to be used for $init_script.

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform


links
-----
Hash of path and target to create symlinks from if $create_links is true.

- *Default*: undef

Hiera example:
<pre>
afs::symlinks:
  'app':
    path:   '/app'
    target: '/afs/some/path/app'
  'env':
    path:   '/env'
    target: '/afs/some/path/env'
</pre>


packages
--------
Array of needed OpenAFS packages

- *Default*: 'USE_DEFAULTS', based on OS platform
